We created this exercise and The Last Lecture Let's now populate with some life.
And I want to start with the handler for adding an ingredient where I want to show a dialogue where
I have an input field which allows the user to enter the name for this ingredient.
Of course you can also use a different approach you could even load a new page or show a modal but I
prefer to have this dialog which also shows a different way of using such dialogue.
I haven't shown you before now.
This dialogue needs to be created to be shown of course.
So this will be an alert.
This is what it's called like in ironic too.
So we need to inject the alert controller.
So let's quickly do this.
Alert controller like this and then I need to create this alert.
Now I will outsource this in a new method so that this method doesn't get as crowded because I would
have to trade it in here in the händler or before this method but either way it would simply crowd and
populate this method.
So I will simply create a new private method which I'll name treat new ingredient alert and here I will
create my new ingredient alert like this where I will use the alert controller and then the trade method
to create that alert.
Something you already alert now in there.
I will set up a title of orders alert title and status title to add ingredient and also we'll set up
some inputs for this alert.
Now this is new we already learned about patents but in part simply means well what it looks like input
something where the user is able to type.
I only want to have one input here though you could add more than one.
And this will have a name of name does it.
By what.
By which value I can extract de-value later.
And a placeholder of name to give the user a clue of what I want him to enter and then I'll simply add
buttons here.
The first button all at javascript object is the cancel button which has a row of cancel and which will
simply close it close the dialog de-lurked the second button is more interesting here.
I will have ADD as a text and this will have a handler where I will get some data.
The data the user submitted.
So this will be stored in this data object and I can then simply use that data to retrieve to name and
use that name.
And here first of all I want to do some validation and check if the name does refers to the name I set
up there.
So the name of there is input and of course this can be any string you want but it has to be the same
string down here then.
So this will be the name of the ingredient in the end which a check.
It should not be empty so I'm checking if it is empty.
An empty string or if it is now.
And here I should even say
trim to make sure that I also catch strings which are simply a couple of whitespace this.
So if there's some place I check if it's ever empty an empty string or not populated at all in which
case I want to show a toast a message at the bottom where I tell the user to please enter a valid name
a valid name for this ingredient.
So that will be another new elemental introduce in a second.
Now I will work on this check here and on showing this error message later.
For now I want to work on populating my array.
My array my form array with new controls added dynamically.
Now I will do this in the next lecture when I will start setting up the form to have this array of controls
.